Brianna Thompson
MART 120
Michael Cassens
Last Lecture

	The thing that affected me the most after watching the Last Lecture is Pausch's mindset about his condition and his outlook on life. Rather than being sad about it, going on about it, he would rather focus on all the ways that he has helped chase their dreams and all those that he still could. He left a legacy that lives on because he supported someone and gave them the chance to be better, to be great. He recognized the role that other people have played in him chasing his dreams and gave him a chance to impress them. More than that, he took the time to reflect and recognized the role that he played in achieving his dreams.  

 

	I identified with Pausch because I had many dreams that I wanted to achieve as a child; a geologist, a manga artist and creator, I wanted to be a teacher and a singer. Some of them I achieved, others I didn’t. I never became a geologist, but I have an incredible collection and hobby. I wanted to be a teacher, and I did but it was nothing like what I thought it would be and dealing with the politics wasn't for me. I wanted to be a singer, I never became a professional, but I participated in choirs, musicals and bands, I even won a few competitions. I am still working towards being a manga artist and creator, and it hasn't been easy. I do know however, that with people to support me like my husband and people to challenge me to grow like my sister and other artists I can achieve it, or experience something just as good or better. I 

 

	It also made me think about the ways that I have supported others in chasing their dreams as well as how I have supported people in the past. I love seeing people around me succeed and chase their dreams. People deserve to be happy and to fulfill themselves. I often find myself surprised or impressed by the things that people around me are able to achieve. Dreaming is really a big part of life, it drives us all to grow and challenge ourselves. Without it the world would be a very different place.  

